[CTOR-571] Create Symbol WiNG SNMP doc page (#3301)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-symbol-wing-snmp.md

---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Symbol WiNG SNMP** brings a host template:

* **Net-Symbol-Wing-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Net-Symbol-Wing-SNMP-custom" label="Net-Symbol-Wing-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                    | Service Description |
|:--------------|:------------------------------------|:--------------------|
| Systems       | Net-Symbol-Wing-Systems-SNMP-custom | Check systems       |

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **Net-Symbol-Wing-SNMP-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias        | Service Template                                 | Service Description                                             | Discovery  |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------|:----------:|

> | Packet-Errors        | Net-Symbol-wing-Packet-Errors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check packets on errors/discards of multiple network interfaces | X          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Packet-Errors        | Net-Symbol-wing-Packet-Errors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check packets in error/discarded from multiple network interfaces | X          |
```

> | Traffic-Generic-Id   | Net-Symbol-Wing-Traffic-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom   | Check traffic of an network interface                           |            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Generic-Id   | Net-Symbol-Wing-Traffic-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom   | Check traffic of a network interface                           |            |
```

> | Traffic-Generic-Name | Net-Symbol-Wing-Traffic-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom | Check traffic of an network interface                           | X          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Generic-Name | Net-Symbol-Wing-Traffic-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom | Check traffic of a network interface                           | X          |
```

> | Traffic-Global       | Net-Symbol-Wing-Traffic-Global-SNMP-custom       | Check traffic of an network interface                           |            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Global       | Net-Symbol-Wing-Traffic-Global-SNMP-custom       | Check traffic of a network interface                           |            |
```
